good morning it's october 11
2020 and it's a sunday
here in l.a very cloudy right now
gray also very still
around 60 degrees fahrenheit
15 celsius
today i'm thinking about
tin cans
i just love these tin cans they're soup
cans you take the
paper label off and you've got
what i consider a work of art
and it's perfect for mixing things
or holding turpentine acetone
paint thinner or water depending on what
you're working on
it is so beautiful
should be going up to around 76
degrees fahrenheit this afternoon
24 celsius and
it looks like these clouds are going to
burn away pretty quick
and we should be enjoying beautiful
blue skies and golden sunshine
all along the way everyone
have a great day